Succeeded in deploying verticle 
java.lang.NumberFormatException: For input string: "foo"
	at java.lang.NumberFormatException.forInputString(NumberFormatException.java:65)
	at java.lang.Integer.parseInt(Integer.java:492)
	at java.lang.Integer.parseInt(Integer.java:527)
	at WebServer.handleQueriesMongo(WebServer.java:98)
	at WebServer.handle(WebServer.java:51)
	at WebServer.handle(WebServer.java:18)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.ServerConnection.handleRequest(ServerConnection.java:190)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.ServerConnection.processMessage(ServerConnection.java:301)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.ServerConnection.handleMessage(ServerConnection.java:94)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.DefaultHttpServer$ServerHandler.doMessageReceived(DefaultHttpServer.java:632)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.DefaultHttpServer$ServerHandler.doMessageReceived(DefaultHttpServer.java:563)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.VertxHttpHandler.channelRead(VertxHttpHandler.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.net.impl.VertxHandler.channelRead(VertxHandler.java:155)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.invokeChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:338)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:324)
	at io.netty.handler.codec.ByteToMessageDecoder.channelRead(ByteToMessageDecoder.java:153)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.invokeChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:338)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:324)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.cgbystrom.FlashPolicyHandler.channelRead(FlashPolicyHandler.java:53)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.invokeChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:338)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:324)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelPipeline.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelPipeline.java:785)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.AbstractNioByteChannel$NioByteUnsafe.read(AbstractNioByteChannel.java:126)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.processSelectedKey(NioEventLoop.java:485)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.processSelectedKeysOptimized(NioEventLoop.java:452)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:346)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)
java.lang.NumberFormatException: For input string: "foo"
	at java.lang.NumberFormatException.forInputString(NumberFormatException.java:65)
	at java.lang.Integer.parseInt(Integer.java:492)
	at java.lang.Integer.parseInt(Integer.java:527)
	at WebServer.handleQueriesMongo(WebServer.java:98)
	at WebServer.handle(WebServer.java:51)
	at WebServer.handle(WebServer.java:18)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.ServerConnection.handleRequest(ServerConnection.java:190)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.ServerConnection.processMessage(ServerConnection.java:301)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.ServerConnection.handleMessage(ServerConnection.java:94)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.DefaultHttpServer$ServerHandler.doMessageReceived(DefaultHttpServer.java:632)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.DefaultHttpServer$ServerHandler.doMessageReceived(DefaultHttpServer.java:563)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.VertxHttpHandler.channelRead(VertxHttpHandler.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.net.impl.VertxHandler.channelRead(VertxHandler.java:155)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.invokeChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:338)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:324)
	at io.netty.handler.codec.ByteToMessageDecoder.channelRead(ByteToMessageDecoder.java:153)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.invokeChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:338)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:324)
	at org.vertx.java.core.http.impl.cgbystrom.FlashPolicyHandler.channelRead(FlashPolicyHandler.java:53)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.invokeChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:338)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelHandlerContext.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelHandlerContext.java:324)
	at io.netty.channel.DefaultChannelPipeline.fireChannelRead(DefaultChannelPipeline.java:785)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.AbstractNioByteChannel$NioByteUnsafe.read(AbstractNioByteChannel.java:126)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.processSelectedKey(NioEventLoop.java:485)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.processSelectedKeysOptimized(NioEventLoop.java:452)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:346)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)
Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:80)
	at WebServer$2.handle(WebServer.java:77)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at WebServer.getResultFromReply(WebServer.java:90)
	at WebServer.access$100(WebServer.java:18)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:154)
	at WebServer$MongoHandler.handle(WebServer.java:141)
	at org.vertx.java.core.eventbus.impl.DefaultEventBus$11.run(DefaultEventBus.java:935)
	at org.vertx.java.core.impl.DefaultContext$3.run(DefaultContext.java:176)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor.runAllTasks(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:354)
	at io.netty.channel.nio.NioEventLoop.run(NioEventLoop.java:353)
	at io.netty.util.concurrent.SingleThreadEventExecutor$2.run(SingleThreadEventExecutor.java:101)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:724)

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

Exception in Java verticle 
java.lang.NullPointerException

